GPL Cver  

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cver is a full 1995 IEEE P1364 standard Verilog simulator.  It also
implements some of the 2001 P1364 standard features.  All three
PLI interfaces (tf_, acc_, and vpi_) are implemented as defined
in the IEEE 2001 P1364 LRM.


A. OBTAINING GPL CVER

GPL Cver is a copyrighted work (Pragmatic C Software Corp. owns the
copyright); it is not shareware or in the public domain.

Versions of Cver entitled "GPL Cver" are distributed with the GNU General
Public License, which allows free use, and free copying and redistribution
under certain conditions (including, in some cases, commercial
distribution).  The home page for GPL Cver is:

     http://www.pragmatic-c.com/gpl-cver

You can always download the latest GPL Cver release from that site.

GPL Cver is an older version of Cver that is released under the GNU
General Public License.  A newer and faster commercial version of Cver
is available from Pragmatic C Software Corp.


B. WHAT PLATFORMS DOES GPL CVER RUN ON?

Pre-compiled binaries and pre-built make files are available for
X86 Linux, Sparc Solaris, Apple Mac OSX, and Cygwin (a Linux-like 
envirnoment for Windows, make file only).  Because Cver is an interpreter, 
it should easily port to any system that supports the gcc GNU C compiler.  The 
main porting complication is usually related to Cver's use of dlsym/dlopen 
programming dynamic library linking. 


C. WHICH GPL CVER FILE SHOULD I DOWNLOAD? 

After clicking on the source or binaries (for now the links to to the
same download instructions), select which bzipped tar file to download.
If you intend to run GPL CVER on one of the platforms for which pre-built
binaries exist, download that file.   If you intend to run on another
platform or want to make your own binary, click on the source bzipped
tar file.  After bunzipping and untarring, the four files are identical
except the binary files contain cver compiled for the given platform
in the bin directory.

D. WHAT OTHER PROGRAMS ARE INCLUDED IN THE GPL CVER RELEASE

Vcddiff
   Current GPL Cver release includes a program similar to the Unix
   diff command called vcddiff.  It is a specialized diff that understands
   Verilog VCD files.  It is also distributed with the GNU General Public
   License, which allows free use, and free copying and redistribution.
   Vcddiff is a copyrighted work (Pragmatic C Software Corp. owns the
   copyright); it is not shareware or in the public domain.

   vcddiff is contained in the vcddiff.dir directory at the top level
   of the directory produced when the release tarball is untarred.
   The src directory contains instructions and pre-build make files
   for the normal three platforms (X86 Linux, Sparc Solaris, and Mac OSX).
   Run the tests in the examples.vcddiff directory in the vcddiff.dir
   directory.  For more information see th README files each of those
   directories.
   

E. WHERE TO GO NEXT

   After obtaining the GPL Cver tar ball, start by reading the README file.
Instructions for building a new GPL Cver binary from source are in
the INSTALL file.  There are various README and LICENSE files contained
in the top level of the GPL Cver release directory tree.  Cver documentation
is in the "doc" directory.


F. GETTING HELP OR REPORTING BUGS

  Send email to avanvick@pragmatic-c.com.
